For the purpose, for the purpose of the documentation now in the second day, I will not do
the assignment of the A. I read a copy of the letter days on November 15, 1953.
In the address, if I get the file, if the swervings for having, I can't order or register
the letter inside.
The letter is back.
I beg your pardon, Mr. Chairman.
If the problem says you're on the left, I wouldn't see you in the evening, go to the
office.
I think in all fairness there, everybody's this letter should be read.
I don't know the content of it.
And I am now Mr. Chairman of all the standards back on the witness stands for this purpose
only and for no other purpose, I'm sure I'm going to let him in the check.
We don't have that.
That's a bad one.
The problem is brother, that's the point he's got to get to the post and that's the point
of the contract.
That's maybe part of it.
Yes, he's got the fact that this will be entered as the exhibit number 13.
You were still very young, the enemy.
I have to say, you were born in the event of the last war and it's born again.
Yes, I have to say you identify as you stand against the official position to hold with
the army.
Yes, sir.
You now have before you a carbon-conviver letter as I recall, they did October 15, 1963.
Is that correct?
I do, sir.
I'm Jack Pizzo.
Honorable Joseph Arma, currently chairman of the Investigating Stuff Committee, United States
Center.
Mr. Heather.
We now read him to the record.
The contents of that letter.
I will share dear Mr. Chairman.
He is understood that a representative of the civilian personnel office has brought
armed men to the jerky.
They're available to members of the staff of the organization, the entire personnel file
on Aaron H. Coleman.
Despite the fact that the file in question contained information relating to loyalty and security
investigations and procedures, which the army is prohibited by our presidential directive
from transmitting outside the executive branch.
When this file was photos that the ant-centred department of the army in Washington for Trans
Middle New York Committee, photos that of those documents relating to loyalty and security
matters were withdrawn in accordance with customary procedures established pursuant to the
presidential directive.
Accordingly, the photos that sent to your committee were not as complete as the original file,
which members of your staff had already inspected.
This prohibition against furnishing loyalty and security information outside the executive
branch has already been violated in the Coleman case by action at the field installation.
Secretary Steven Seales, that no useful purpose will be served in this particular case by withholding
from your committee, photos that of documents with your staff have already inspected.
At the express direction of the secretary, therefore, there are forwarded here with photos
that of six documents with accompanying attachments.
Cincerely, yours, John G. Adams, department's counselor.
In the lower left-hand corner, our list is the six documents which were forwarded there
with the enclosures are photos that of Form 52, Form 84, Form 72, and Form 50, each of which
is a loyalty or security form.
I cannot further identify them without having me in front of them in front of me.
A photos that of the letter to the commanding general Fort Monmouth from Colonel JD O'Connell
to October 1946, which I recall as being a document having to do with the reprimand given
to Colvin on one occasion and a reprimand with endorsement dated 21 October 1946.
That is the complete letter.
The original of which was the letter that the United States may have been.
No, sir, that is not correct. I was in New York attending these executive hearings.
My staff in Washington was in contact with the by telephone.
On the occasion, Mr. Stevens was in New York also on the 13th and the 14th of October.
As I recall, my staff advised me by telephone that this was coming up.
They sent it on the secretary's airplane which was coming up to get him.
I went out with the secretary on the evening of the 14th and picked up this letter which was dated
the next day with the day I intended to deliver it.
I picked up this letter, took it downtown and signed it.
That is my recollection.
A recollection of the means by which this was transmitted to the committee.
And was it time to submit it by hand?
Yes, sir.
By any of you to the Democratic District Council and the SCAR to whom I think Mr. Colvin.
My recollection is a matter of.
In New York City, Virginia.
New York at the United States Courthouse in Foley, Squared.
I have everything to do with your work.
My recollection may be wronged by one day.
Maybe the letter is dated one day.
A way within one or two days, I have heard this charge have been made against the Secretary
of the Mr. Colvin and in the executive section of October 5th, 14th, the sector as director.
So you now say that there was furnished to the McCarthy Committee within one or two days
of the executive hearing of October 14th, the entire personnel file on the 11th,
coma, including law of the information.
Is that correct, Mr. Adam?
Mr. Jenkins, the paper speaks for itself.
I do not remember the portfolio that was submitted.
Well, I have no further questions.
Mr. Miller, could you just count by the answer of that problem?
Look it down to you in just a minute.
I was like an hour and a half, just 10 minutes, you just said Adam.
Of course, I'd never go out on a council's trust.
You left.
Mr. Patrick.
No, I asked Mr. Adam, is the chairman appointed after he moved to be Mr. Senator because it's
termed public now.
I don't know.
Senator McCroden, have any questions?
No, of course.
Any senders?
The right.
Any senders to the left?
Yes.
I have a question.
I may take my time.
I'd like to address the question respectfully to the council.
Mr. Council, this is the ninth day of this man who has been on the stand.
My impression is that he is getting confused with some of his answers more than he did before.
Now, I've just jotted down here 12 people who, when a specific piece of information was
desired, were sworn in in order to give that information to the committee several times
in his testimony in his testimony today as I remember it.
Mr. Stevens has said that he did not have the information because it was something with
which he had no direct connection of any kind, whatever.
And he said he could furnish our body who would have it and who could give the information.
I would like to respectfully suggest in order to expedite the hearings.
We've had people like Mr. Adams, Mr. Shine, Mr. Juliana, Mr. Anastas, Mrs. Mim, the council
himself swore himself once.
We've had Mr. Wells sworn, we've had Mr. Senclown sworn, we've had Sergeant Manchester.
These are ones that I just happened to jot down here in the last couple of minutes.
And that they can always invite the senator signings who's going to be sworn.
And they're giving him the information.
Don't forget that.
Well, don't forget that.
I don't know.
I need not to discuss Senator Simon to now let us discuss the problem of this committee.
That is Senator Cicius, the senator.
If the council would like to continue any discussion with respect to me being sworn
and glad to accommodate him at this time, I repeat that for steps to the senator
preciciously.
I thank the council.
Now in order to try to get to my point Mr. Council, if you will allow me, sir.
I would like to suggest that when this man has been on the hearing nine days,
on the stand nine days and he's hearing says that he has somebody who can give the information
with the premise which you so well put, but you said we wanted the truth.
Now he'd be allowed to furnish that person and we go to the next question.
That is the point of my recommendation.
May I suggest to the senator that that is the identical procedure we have just followed?
The Secretary of the Vice-desire will call that such a letter had not been found.
The cabinet written by Mr. Adams, the council suggested that he stand beside
and that Mr. Adams take the witness down.
I thank the council.
I agree with him, but somewhere between 30 minutes and an hour ago, the Secretary said he did not have the information.
He had never had anything to do with files for a, as he said, as I remember the testimony,
if we would let somebody that he could get up on the stand, give us the facts that person in this case could give us the facts.
I, I answered that in my statement this morning, Senator Simon-Dum.
It is now my purpose at last time, directed otherwise by this committee to put on every witness, every party in the interest,
every substantiating witness by whom many facts may be proven or disproven during the course of this investigation.
The chairman has made one point I hope I have, and I have no further questions.
Chairman, Chairman, do you have any minutes?
I have a question.
Let me go to the other one.
I'm planning a general conference for you.
I'm not going to ask where inside.
I didn't want to raise a point of order, just if that is inappropriate.
It was just by accident that I was able to find this revealing letter in this courtroom,
except for my ability to find it.
Or more accurately, from the ability of the men behind me to file it, we would have floundered around in accusation to get Steven's respect to a letter that he never wrote,
and that which when produced handed all the bullets and got this hearing back on the wea.
Now I agree with Senator Simon, that there just makes no sense to talk to Secretary Steven about letters when it turns out A is as cold as lava,
and B that when we find the copy, Steven is right.
The chair would like to remind the council that what Secretary Steven stated in the letter just as I mentioned,
and that he had it in the form of a stamp.
Why do you say he did write the letter?
You produced the letter? That's the way to make it.
Mr. Cohn or...
Senator McCartney?
We have to do what I'm doing.
Mr. Adams, we have to do this.
President, please complete the record.
Mr. Adams, I ask you to file a letter as an exhibit.
I'll be talking about it.
Yes, I'll be talking about it.
I'm a director.
I'll be asking your president.
You've heard Mr. Wells just referred to this as foolishness.
Would you consider it foolishness to have a final script to not tell the committee of the script?
We've done a physics committee as a complete file.
We've told the committee by the letter that it has been scripted.
Senator?
Well, it's after we've caught your head and then you gave us the material.
What can I say to Mr. Cohn?
Let me give it a true.
It's material.
Last week, we showed you that our notes show the file of the script.
Up until that time, you sat in room with your aunt.
New we had the file.
New we're addressing Mr. Cohn on the list as the left file.
Never raise your voice until that file has been stripped.
Senator, as I recall, there was no time during the fall or winter during my negotiations with you.
And of course, that's when I failed to tell you that we always took from the file.
I'll boil the insecurity information.
I never kept that as it was written from.
And I never imagined that Mr. Cohn would put off the witness stand at this time out of water.
Or one purpose and one purpose only in that was to identify and introduce in the records the less obvious the letter
that the Senate of the North Korea on October 50th.
I don't mind withholding my question, the President's letter.
I don't have to go to the press for some time.
Very well, I think that the point of the council is exactly correct.
He would probably end to identify the letter.
And there is an impression if you have to ask him about his attitude towards the situation you can ask him and do for it, he becomes the witness.
And there is any other person you can ask to introduce about identifying the letter or whether he did identify it or whether he wrote it.
I think I've sophisticated identified Mr. Chairman this appearance really.
A copy of the letter is very sweet.
Got objection, Mr. Adams may step down and be unspoiled against it.
And Mr. Steven will step back.
I believe I was first to witness the statement of the meeting.
Yes, I think you're trying to come. You have ten minutes.
Mr. Steven's have had the forming of the letter, which is written.
Written after Mr. Goen, called your attention to the fact that the personnel file is in stress.
But a client of Mr. Adams, I'd like to ask you whether this statement may have been under its true or not.
It says that at the express direction of the secretary,
therefore there are four words here with full of steps of six documents for the accompanying attention.
Now, did you, Mr. Adams, discuss the stripping of the file that you tell him to forward to us the documents which we told him and to remove from the file?
Well, that letter arrived. I want you to hold it your hand there.
And my coffee would indicate that I did. I have difficulty in recalling the conversation with Mr. Adams.
But I presume that I just just with him and Mr. Breller resolved it.
You don't remember any conversation with Mr. Adams at any time in regard to the stripping or whatever word the written withdrawal of Mr. Adams said, the material from the personnel file.
You don't recall at all as it's made.
Well, we were trying to find the directives that we worked on there at all times on the McCarthy.
And we discussed the application of those presidential directives to our file.
Mr. Secretary, the number of the sons or the raised the questions you're being kept to withstand too long.
If you would try to answer the question, I'd like to hear your heart.
Where the question is this is very simple. Now that your memory is refreshed,
you recall discussing with Mr. Adams the removal of material from the Coleman file.
If you can mind the Coleman was the man the friend of Julius Rosenberg identified as the member of the Uncommoners League.
As I've installed and sequenced the radar laboratory, I assume you consider him rather an important person, perhaps even more important than a private.
And if a senior memory should be fairly fresh on mass, after I refresh it,
I now ask you the simple question, if you don't answer it, what you want from another son.
Let me repeat, do you now remember whether or not you ever discussed with Mr. Adams the removal of material from Coleman's personnel file before it was given to the committee.
I do not recall any such conversations.
Well, thank you for your answer.
Uh, uh, did you recall ever checking the files and regards to Coleman personally, all before our committee started investigation.
Would you restate that, Mr. Adams, but they have the record of it?
He's the recall ever seeing or getting report. Many of your support.
The regards to certain courtman look for a personnel before our committee started its investigation.
Well, it's been worked, it's done by my organization ever since I went into office, not having a car, the affecting all installation, as well as the courtman.
Would you try and answer the question of the secretary?
Would the reporter mean the president of the secretary?
Part of the secretary.
Oh, I was saying, I was at the report, I guess, before it was, in regard to certain courtman personnel before our committee started its investigation.
Yes, I recall that, I'm kind of in the court thing.
Did you either see or get a report from your support notes in regard to FBI, repeated reports on certain personnel?
And the courtman was my secretary.
I know that we were in very close touch with FBI at all times on court, Monica.
Well, that is why I am raising this trust in North and North, and I wasn't bringing the FBI into this with you.
Trying to leave the impression that perhaps it was the FBI strike that.
I shouldn't say it's trying to leave the impression.
I'm afraid you may have left the impression with the secretary that the FBI was derelict misdewty.
Oh, well, I did, I wish to immediately correct any such incendiary.
Good, I'm going right, you do because I think you're both the great saver doing good job.
No, not yesterday.
I would like to, Mr. Secretary, give you a letter, one which was written instantly before you took office,
with which was in the file, I understand you're all in the same year at office, I understand this in the file as of today, from the FBI.
Pointing out the urgency and the action of certain cases, listing the facts, for example, that Coleman had been a direct connection with the Mexican ICE agent, Mr. Chairman, Senator McCarty.
I think it only fair to this, with this that you first, the staff is the fact by him, it's such as the fact that that letter was in his file at the time he came into office,
and he's played here at office.
I think that point is very well taken.
Good point, Mr. Secretary.
What, what, what, what, what, what, what some of the candidates heard this letter?
Mr. Chabbent.
Chabbent, do you have any arguments to vote?
I like that the end of the first Mr. J.
for the end of the rule along with the material.
We have same with the drunkennessy reason Mr. Bing Smith, before you rule, you may want to read it first.
I don't know if you have any arguments to vote.
Well, Committee of the Council of Jenkins reads this letter which has just been introduced in evidence.
Senator McCarty, and his chief councilor Roy M. Cohen, our holding out, which first conference.
This only sequence of evidence.
You are due to New York City's own station WNYC.
This is the long two-page letter.
Committee of the Council of Jenkins is very carefully reading and taking his time about it.
The other is about the committee table.
Meanwhile, our referring to their notes are scribbling memos or FDR-213 conference is going on around the table.
Now, Mr. Jenkins appears to have finished.
The council, may I give a fair, because if they'll ask me glad to hear you, Senator.
Madam McCarty.
We have the reason for pressing Mr. Stevens for this letter and submitting it to him.
It's not because of the written two, he hasn't written before he can offer.
But because it is part of a series of letters from the FBI warning of the tremendous danger of Aaron Coleman, his associates, handling top secret radar material.
But those repeated warnings were at risk of regard to ignore until this committee opened its investigation.
The file letter was not written by Mr. Stevens.
It was ignored by him and his supporters.
No attention to say to this letter until he's here in control.
Mr. Chairman, it shows we came from the investigation.
Now, make a statement that I can remind you of your question.
It reports to be and it will have to be developed whether or not such as the fact.
It reports to be a letter written off to 2619-51 for the Federal Bureau of Investigation and signed by J. Edgar Hoover, the director.
It is addressed to Major General Pauline, assistant chief of staff, G2, Department of the Army Washington DC.
It does the copy of the letter contain pertinent information with respect to Coleman, perhaps others who should be investigated.
The question now is whether or not this letter was in the file of the Department of the Army, but the secretary became Secretary of the Army.
And whether or not it either came to his attention or by the exercise with due diligence he should have known about it.
And the acted in accordance with the yesterday's may in this letter.
Point of order.
Next, Mr. Chair, Council Member, please step further.
I can understand how this would never have come to the secretary's personal attention.
I want to make it clear that in much of the mishandling, I don't blame the secretary personally because he's only there short time.
But someone was there like when he was repeated warnings, we have to be eye-regnored.
And again, I say Mr. Secretary, I don't have anyone realized what have I do.
I've been busy with that and now you couldn't grab everything overnight and take hold of them.
I entirely agree with the secretary.
It does not necessarily have to come to the personal attention of the six days of the Army, but to those underies come and now Senator Jackson, what do you think?
I just asked this question about a jacket.
I'm a little confused here.
This is the copy of a letter that's being introduced.
I'd like to know how it arrived here at the committee.
Where it came from.
How did it get here?
This is a letter from Mr. J. F. Hoover to General Bowling back in 1951.
How did it get in there after a minute?
It was handed to me just now Senator Jackson by Senator McCarthy, who is making it the basis of a cross examination of the Secretary of the Army.
The purpose of his examination is basically being this.
When they had ought to be on the medication point, I think you're on the line.
I'm getting ready to get ready.
I'm getting ready.
I hold a mile on the basis of the copy of this letter and all the assumption that no party and interest note council would refer to a serious manufactured document that Senator McCarthy's called examination of the Secretary with reference to this letter is wholly competent.
Mr. Jackson, this is a very simple matter.
This committee got this from the Army, was it from the FBI?
It was just a very simple question.
How did it come into our possession?
Do you mean that which committee's the McCarthy committee is investigating?
Well, it was handed to me just now by Senator McCarthy, that's all I know of.
It is a proper, very far-hate cross examination that's very evidence for reaching the list.
I just stand by the committee, readily identified whether this was the matter that was subpoenaed from the Army files or whether the Army fallen fairly deep.
I can have Senator McCarthy with under-oats and examining with respect to that particular boy keeping the senator signing soon.
This is a copy of Mr. Cameron.
I have a question.
I respectfully suggest that that be done.
I am a lawyer and the appearance of what purports to be a copy of the letter from Jay Ester Hoover.
In 1951, addressed to some Colonel, is that right, sir?
Major General, Major General, the mere fact that we have an impressive looking purported copy of such a letter doesn't impress an old-time lawyer.
Law your eyes advised to have Mr. Jay Ester Hoover say as an evoke the letter and feel that we know what we were dealing with.
Senator Chairman, and in McCarthy, we originally went to a question, the secretary's brother and out the original of this, another letter is like it or any file.
I will make it very clear that I have come from this.
Neither this letter nor anything else from the FBI.
Where did it come from, then?
We'll be on the move.
We may ask the witness if he carries the mother's secretary.
None of his there.
I will press the committee to file.
If it has all other investigations, the chair holds.
None of them have been disclosed the sources of the information.
Right, Mr. Chairman, I assure you that this purported copy did not come from the Army files or the senator for a moment's contest.
Just a minute.
Mr. Chairman, Mr. Rolf, we've got to say there's not a copy of this in the Army files.
We should be sworn because that statement is untrue as far as I know.
I did not say that, Senator I said that this purported copy did not come from the Army files and you know I'm quite right, sir.
And I have a strong experience to know how to do this, you got hold of it.
No way to do it.
I have a slight worry.
We're not having Mr. Rolf.
The chair has a floor.
I have to advise you again, Mr. Wills.
All investigative agencies in this town operate on the rule that they don't have to disclose the sources of the information.
You're observing curiosity.
We'll have to be satisfied some of the way I'm afraid.
And five minutes to each day, I'd go over.
Can I try it?
I just like to press the button.
Mr. Stevens, we look at that letter.
Until it's number one, whether or not you've ever seen it, ever remember your notify of this town.
I'd like to, if I'm...
I think you should read the letter.
I'd like to have the advice of counseled by May as to whether or not I'm at liberty to discuss the letter to Mr. J. Edgar Boober.
Your liberty to read.
I have a way of reservation about discussing a fall.
Any letter written by Mr. J. Edgar Boober, unless I have his specific approval.
I will therefore ask the chairman to give me the opportunity of securing the approval.
Mr. J. Edgar Boober, before I discuss any letter, reporting to have been written by him, because I think it's a very mass policy to discuss these things without Mr. Boober's known about it.
Would you like to read this first?
May I ask Mr. Chairman?
I have the little thing I have to ask.
When it's first to go down, confident will be over as long as he seems to be, he'd rather severe or worse, of confidential nature.
I think Mr. Stevens is quite right in saying that this is a matter that ought to be released by J. Edgar Boober.
Before we deal with this in this room, chairman agrees that if the letter is marked Christian and the convenation of the convenation of the letter,
it ought to be revealed without the consent of the senator.
May I ask Mr. Edgar whether or not he deserves to go over the meaning of his sentence?
Mr. Chairman, I repeat that the condense of the letter for a make proper basis for a cross examination of the secretary of the army,
I am not inquiring whether or not I am directed or requested to subpoena as a witness Mr. J. Edgar Hoover.
I shall do so if the committee in its discretion directs it.
Chairman, I want to board a report of Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Chairman, there is nobody in this town to inform respect and admiration that I have from Mr. J. Edgar Hoover.
This letter is not signed.
I would hope that we did not have to ask Mr. J. Edgar Hoover to come down here and be sworn in as a witness.
It seems to me that all that would have to be done to verify whether or not the letter, which is marked personal and confidential so I am informed via the list.
So I would assume the meeting was delivered by him.
Mr. Simpett asks Mr. J. Edgar Hoover, the council can do that or anybody else can do that.
It is news that the chairman, as to whether or not he believes that in the interest of the security of the United States,
the letter placed in anticipation of this hearing.
Mr. Hoover, take that to right.
Mr. Simpett asks the necessary and I have the high-out of his trust and the witness.
And his word is incorrect whether he had ever written such a letter or not.
I have the same agreement with the letter.
Hello, it's Mother and I.
That is a duplicate of what he has in his spot-up.
For another investigation tell us on a day from the unique family.
That security sent us by the signal for laboratories and...